
NAME
   cdsreconfig - Change the configuration parameters of the currently running 
   cdsqmgr. This command line tool can be used to add new queues,new hosts,
   remove hosts, remove queues, change host count, change job limit etc.

SYNOPSIS

   cdsreconfig <file_name>

   cdsreconfig -version

DESCRIPTION

   The cdsreconfig tool accepts the new configuration file as the input and
   change the currently running cdsqmgr configuration with the new 
   configuration specified. It does a validity check for changeability of the
   configuration. If any error is detected the configuration will be left 
   unchanged. This new configuration file follows the same syntax as the 
   cdsqmgr configuration files. 

   There is no restrictions in adding new queues or new hosts. However a host
   can be removed only if there are not running jobs or scheduled jobs
   on that host. Similary a queue can only be removed if there are no running
   jobs or scheduled jobs on the queue. 
   If an pending or running  jobs are detected on a host or queue requested
   to be removed an error message will be thrown to stdout.

   For adding a new host to an existing queue, user can add the new host into 
   the configuration file incrementing the host count.

   For example:
   oldQue 3  #host count incremented from 2 to 3 to accomodate newHost
   oldHost1 7
   oldHost2 29
   newHost  21

   For removing a host, the user can remove the entry with decrementing the host
   count.

   For example:
   oldQue 3  #host count decremented from 3 to 2 to remove oldHost1
   oldHost2 29
   newHost  21


SECURITY

   Since there could be different cdsqmgr s running on different sessions  and 
   as there is no undo operation available for reconfiguration; the cdsreconfig 
   tool will ask for user's confirmation for the right cdsqmgr. The logic
   used by the cdsreconfig to identify the cdsqmgr is similar to the logic used
   by lbs client s. cdsreconfig will only change the cdsqmgr started by the same
   user who is using cdsreconfig. to If LBS_CLUSTER_MASTER variable is set to a
   host name, then cdsreconfig will configure the cdsqmgr running on that host 
   under the same user name. However if the cdsreconfig is run as "root"
   LBS_CLUSTER_MASTER variable is not used. This would make sure that if
   cdsqmgr is started as root, you have to be on the same host running cdsqmgr
   as root in order to reconfigure cdsqmgr.

SPECIAL PROVISIONS

   If you want to close a host for future removal, you can change the job limit
   on that host to zero (0) so that new jobs cannot be scheduled to the host.
   The currently running jobs on that host will continue to run without 
   interruption. Similarly a queue can be marked for future removal by changing
   the host count to zero(0).
